The game mode has a feature where a player that is far behind can press Z to catch up. The player is then teleported to a location closer to the leader. The position is based on the score of the player. If low score it will teleport close to the leader and if higher score it will end up somewhere between all players.

## The problem
Some inexperienced players have a hard time driving as fast as the other players and will always be left behind. I want to create a feature where those players can use a super catch up that will throw them into the middle of the action any time.

## The idea
The admin should be able to bring up a UI (with F3) where he can choose who will have the super catch up power. Multiple players can have it at the same time. The admin can toggle if they have the power or not. The window need a close button.

When a player activates the power their camera would fade out and fade in and follow the leader (gold carrier or the one who is closest to the gold. There is already a function to find the leader regardless of situation). A countdown should be shown in the middle of the screen counting down from 3s. For the first two seconds the camera should follow the leader. During the last second the player should spawn in their car at the position where the leader was when this happend. During the last second the player can't control their car, it is "frozen" and it won't move (aldready functions for this when the car needs a repair). It should be "ghost", meaning no collision with other players (aldready functions for this). WHen the timer runs out the vehicle should be released and move with the same velocity that the leader had at the position when the player car froze (the velocity data needs to be saved for this). The ghost (no collision) needs to be enabled until there is no other players currently colliding with the player (there are already a function for this for when player respawns with catch up for example).